Cloud ops Engineer in Windows and Linux Administration, Configuration Management, Continuous
Integration, Continuous Deployment and Cloud Implementations.
Hands on experience in Azure Development, worked on Azure web application, App services, Azure storage,
Virtual machines, Azure AD and Azure search.
 Good at Manage hosting plans for Azure Infrastructure, implementing &amp; deploying workloads on Azure
virtual machines (VMs).
 Providing Access (IAM) to the users on Subscription and individual resources.
 Experience on Azure PAAS services, managed few PAAS services like Web Apps, Azure SQL DB, Service
bus, Traffic manager etc.
****Automation of build process CI/CD pipelines using Azure DevOps, MS-Build, Azure Artifacts, GitHub,
PowerShell DSC, SonarQube and Docker, Kubernetes.
 Extensive experience in Azure Storage. Managed Blob storage &amp; Table storage with access keys in some of
the web applications.
 Manage different AZURE environment for provisioning of windows Linux servers and services executed by
the providers.
 Gather, review, and validate network requirements, VNETs, and network security groups.
 Involved with planning, designing, and transforming environments from on-premises to cloud-based.
 Work as Cloud Administrator on Microsoft Azure, involved in configuring virtual machines, storage accounts,
resource groups.
 Experience in managing infrastructure resources in cloud architecture with close coordination with various
functional teams.
 Experience in dealing with Windows Azure IaaS - Virtual Networks, Virtual Machines, Cloud Services,
Resource Groups, VPN, Load Balancing and Auto-Scaling.
 Experience in developing and maintaining build, deployment scripts for test, staging and production
environment using AZURE automation tools.
 Good experience in Azure automation using PowerShell, Azure Terraform and DSC configuration.
 Experience with Atlassian workflow tools Jira, Service Now, and BMC Remedy.
 Experienced in Project Strategy, Planning and execution in time.
 Application automation software like PowerShell and Bash.
 Experience in automating day-to-day activities by using Windows PowerShell and Azure CLI 2.0.

 Deploying the Virtual Machines with the Microsoft Monitoring Agent/Operational Management Suite (OMS)
Extension using the PowerShell Scripts.
 Monitored OMS Log Analytics in Azure Security Centre for troubleshooting the Compute, Storage,
Networking and Applications.
 Worked on integrating virtual machines into OMS by deploying OMS agent.
 Used Microsoft Azure storage accounts, Log Analytics, Logic Apps, and Azure Automation Runbook
Account.
 Created Automated Scripts for Azure Monitor to get the alerts for Activity logs.
 Troubleshoot Azure related issues engage internal teams and vendor for issue resolutions.
 Azure Active directory based provide user and group level permission &amp; Application ID creation.
 Creating Storage account and managing disk add &amp; remove.
rules for the Virtual Machine.
 Experience in using Bug Tracking tools like JIRA and Azure Boards.
 